Now, the home page is looking good, but I want to use a darker theme so we can go to put a match here
and they will be using the luxe theme Typekit download that, we will copy this, he says.
Let's go back to the code.
While it is running inside, he says, if the open books swatch theme and pasted here, that's all that
we have to do and new theme should be applied.
This looks much cleaner, so let's use that.
Perfect.
I like that.
It did not take me more than one minute.
That's why I thought it's OK to change that.
Now we need to work on the details.
Page details will be an action method inside the home controller.
Let's continue working on details in the next radio.